PD-340: Corrected names P5 (#599)
portworx/pxdocs: content/key-management/kubernetes-secrets/_index.md

noicon: true
---

> Portworxcan integrate with Kubernetes Secrets to store your encryption keys/secrets and credentials. This guide will help configure Portworxwith Kubernetes Secrets. Kubernetes Secrets can then be used to store Portworxsecrets for Volume Encryption and Cloud Credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Portworx can integrate with Kubernetes Secrets to store your encryption keys/secrets and credentials. This guide will help configure Portworx with Kubernetes Secrets. Kubernetes Secrets can then be used to store Portworx secrets for Volume Encryption and Cloud Credentials.
```

## Configuring Kubernetes Secrets with Portworx

### New installation

> When generating the PortworxKubernetes spec file on the Portworxspec generator page in [PX-Central](https://central.portworx.com), select `Kubernetes` from the `Secrets Store Type` list under `Advanced Settings`. For more details on how to generate the Portworxspec for Kubernetes, [click here](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When generating the Portworx Kubernetes spec file on the Portworxspec generator page in [PX-Central](https://central.portworx.com), select `Kubernetes` from the `Secrets Store Type` list under `Advanced Settings`. For more details on how to generate the Portworxspec for Kubernetes, [click here](/portworx-install-with-kubernetes).
```

### Existing installation

#### Permissions to access secrets

> Portworxstores credentials/secrets in a Kubernetes namespace called `portworx`. It needs permissions to access secrets under this namespace. If you have upgraded Portworxas explained in the _Kubernetes_ section under _Upgrades_ in the _Reference_ topic, then you will not have to create the namespace and roles given below. If the following objects are missing, then create it using `kubectl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Portworx stores credentials/secrets in a Kubernetes namespace called `portworx`. It needs permissions to access secrets under this namespace. If you have upgraded Portworx as explained in the _Kubernetes_ section under _Upgrades_ in the _Reference_ topic, then you will not have to create the namespace and roles given below. If the following objects are missing, then create it using `kubectl`:
```

EOF
```

> #### Edit the PortworxDaemonSet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Edit the Portworx DaemonSet
```

> You will have to edit the PortworxDaemonSet to use Kubernetes secrets, so that all the new Portworxnodes will start using Kubernetes secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will have to edit the Portworx DaemonSet to use Kubernetes secrets, so that all the new Portworx nodes will start using Kubernetes secrets.
```

    name: portworx
```

> Editing the daemonset will also restart all the Portworxpods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editing the daemonset will also restart all the Portworx pods.
```

## Creating secrets with Kubernetes {#creating-secrets-with-kubernetes}

> The following section describes the key generation process with Portworxand Kubernetes which can be used for encrypting volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section describes the key generation process with Portworx and Kubernetes which can be used for encrypting volumes.
```

Note that the cluster wide secret has to reside in the `px-vol-encryption` secret under the `portworx` namespace.

> Now you have to give Portworxthe cluster wide secret key, that acts as the default encryption key for all volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have to give Portworx the cluster wide secret key, that acts as the default encryption key for all volumes.
```

```text
PX_POD=$(kubectl get pods -l name=portworx -n kube-system -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
kubectl exec $PX_POD -n kube-system -- /opt/pwx/bin/pxctl secrets set-cluster-key \
  --secret cluster-wide-secret-key
```

> This command needs to be run just once for the cluster. If you have added the cluster secret key through _config.json_, the above command will overwrite it. Even on subsequent Portworxrestarts, the cluster secret key in _config.json_ will be ignored for the one set through the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command needs to be run just once for the cluster. If you have added the cluster secret key through _config.json_, the above command will overwrite it. Even on subsequent Portworx restarts, the cluster secret key in _config.json_ will be ignored for the one set through the CLI.
```

> ### (Optional) Authenticating with Kubernetes Secrets using the PortworxCLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (Optional) Authenticating with Kubernetes Secrets using the Portworx CLI
```

> If you wish to quickly try Kubernetes secrets, you can authenticate Portworxwith Kubernetes Secrets using the PortworxCLI. Run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to quickly try Kubernetes secrets, you can authenticate Portworx with Kubernetes Secrets using the Portworx CLI. Run the following command:
```

```text
PX_POD=$(kubectl get pods -l name=portworx -n kube-system -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
kubectl exec $PX_POD -n kube-system -- /opt/pwx/bin/pxctl secrets k8s login
```
{{<info>}}
**Important:**

> You need to run this command on all your Portworxnodes, so that you could create and mount encrypted volumes on all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to run this command on all your Portworx nodes, so that you could create and mount encrypted volumes on all nodes.
```

{{</info>}}

> If the CLI is used to authenticate with Kubernetes Secrets, for every restart of the Portworxcontainer it needs to be re-authenticated with Kubernetes Secrets by running the `k8s login` command on that node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the CLI is used to authenticate with Kubernetes Secrets, for every restart of the Portworx container it needs to be re-authenticated with Kubernetes Secrets by running the `k8s login` command on that node.
```
